Vladimir Jimenez
Group #2, which includes Michael Baker, Thomas Kane, Shavaronn Thomas

The problem of using an antiquated paper system to schedule clients can lead to duplicate appointments and time scheduling conflicts. These errors in the system affect the clients who come in expecting that their stylist is available and prepared for them. It also affects the stylists who depend on a correct schedule with little downtime so they see as many clients as they can fit into their day without overlap. Scheduling mistakes can cause frustration for the client, affecting repeated business, and it can frustrate the employees which can have an impact on work performance. In addition, when using a paper system the human factor also plays a role. Employees may not be able to read each other’s handwriting, they may take shortcuts in the filing their paperwork which leads to complications when looking for specific records.  All of these problems result in more frustrations and potential mistakes and can be remedied by converting to a computerized system.
	Our proposed solution is to convert the paper record keeping system to a computerized system. A computerized system would allow receptionists to make appointments easier and less tedious. They can retrieve information of returning customers with ease and can enter in information for new customers just as easily. Having a computerized system makes searching for customer or stylist’s information a trivial problem. Different functions can be created so that data could be extracted easily. To name a few examples, for our searchable system It would be possible to see how many customers a stylist has, days specific customers tend to come in and what future appointments a stylist has booked. If an appointment is cancelled the system will automatically make that time available for the next customer, and if a customer needs a reminder our system can send a friendly confirmation email, and a reminder email. Having data from customer preferences also makes it easier to keep a stocked inventory of popular products.
	Our computerized system to book appointments takes the hassle out of the receptionist’s work day. They can focus on helping customers and preparing stylists for their upcoming appointments. This quality of life improvement also benefits the stylist. The stylist will have a concise schedule that they can rely on for accuracy, eliminating the chance that they are stuck standing idly due to incorrect scheduling. This upgrade will even benefit the customers, it will make finding an appointment simpler, and repeated customers will find an improved and more consistent quality of service. Our proposed solution doesn’t take away jobs and cause people to become obsolete; it will improve the quality of the employee’s day, and improve the experience as an employee as well as a customer. 
Lastly, our proposed program won’t require the employees to have technical knowhow or experience in programming. If they can create an event on Facebook, they will be able to figure out our program. Our system is simple enough to use and implement that it can also be applied to other business.

Note... this looks like shit on Github, i think it's just for programming stuff.
